there is a very good group very good family
I hope to contribute all my
knowledge and my skills to
team to get the
championship what the club wants
when we have something more about you and
the theme of height maybe you did
influenced without colombia and has
played you were born in this type height
I was not born and I was born in Bogota
height I'm playing tall in Mexico
then it has not adapted me very well and
it costs me for nothing the height some
colleagues during the week had
some words of praise for the game
that imposed expected to demonstrate this the
Saturday yes of course I do hope to show it
on Saturday and throughout the championship
of what I am a player that I always
I keep at a good level and I hope here
keep it as always and bring it
much to the team there are many people who
they wonder behind mafra follow by
that route you can tell us more
good
my soccer career starting at
16 years in academy to make up for there I had
a step for selection Colombia pass
by llaneros of second of colombia and
there I went to Mexico to cross blue hidalgo
and well I'm already here at home when
you were in Mexico, there was some contact
with the reigning teacher yes clear clear the
reigning teacher was one of the people
who gave the go- ahead to be
in blue cross hidalgo
he directed me six months there and already
we made good relationship and he liked my
game and followed the opportunity come here
we could see something the game that
you have in the workouts it adapts to
what the professed teacher seeks
to what the team is because more or less
the speed of all with the
colleagues there is still clear I do not think that
speed is good for the game and in
special to the scheme that has the
teacher reynoso and good for something that
we talked before coming here was that
missing a player with my features
and so he brought me and with taste
come to carry the equipment you have over there
besides the speed that we already talked to
one more feature that suddenly does not
it has been seen on video that suddenly it is
a good surprise the goal I have I have
goals despite my height and my
physical I am a person who fought a lot
for all the plays there is not always
I'm running for the benefit of the team
I remember an interview that on the internet
in saying what I do not have in a way
I have speed and intelligence can be
repeat that here it is clear what is not
I have physical and height I have it in
speed and intelligence